as promised I'm going to do a review for
you guys so I ordered some Haitian black
castor oil this is what it looks like
move it up so you can see yes it is four
ounces I paid $10 for this baby right
here and it is well I should pretty much
talk about the company first well not
really talk about the company just tell
you what company I got it from I ordered
this from krill essence and this is a
four ounce bottle and it was $10 this is
also known as leader in Muscatine so
Haitian black castor oil
aka real my skirt seat or if you want to
get real technical with it pilot
the written part of my skit team that's
what I heard my mom say whatever anyway
um yes this stuff is my magic tatius
magic we as a fairy think you have a
backache put some really nice cozy on it
you have a headache
rub some new musketoon on your forehead
your heads not growing put some new
Muscat see on your scalp rub it in it's
the cure for everything like I said this
has the strong smell to it but I love it
because I'm so used to it
like I remember smelling this when I was
a kid like it really brings me back so
how do I use really must concede or
Haitian black castor oil I use it pretty
much on to seal my ends I use it to seal
my ends and like I said the strong the
smell is strong so I take a little
container like so like soo and I
I put the really Muscatine it and I take
either my lavender essential oil or a
nice essential oil and I add maybe two
to three drops of of one I don't use two
at the same time I mix them I just used
either the anis or the lavender and I
create my own scent in you very much
Katie
now the the company krill essence they
sell the sentient ones but I already had
their essential oils here so I figured
it didn't make any sense to order more
so yeah but I love this stuff and I seal
my ends with this I also purchased but
then down I also purchased palma shade
go and coconut
clem I collect so organic goat milk and
coconut cream this stuff is really nice
this twist out that I have but you can't
really tell us about cuz I have it
pulled back but um yeah I used this when
I was doing my twist out so i added it
to damp hair and i twisted and like i
said i sealed with a castor oil the
great thing about this is that it's not
only a hair butter it's also a body
butter so you can put it on your body to
your skin I haven't tried it on my skin
I just tried it on my hair and it did
make my hair soft and I like the and it
smells nice smells good it really does I
can't even really describe it like I'm
bad horrible at describing things but it
smells really nice yeah this stuff is
good it doesn't have any mineral oil no
petroleum no artificial colors or
anything like it and like
I use it on damp hair while I'm twisting
parmigiano I like this stuff I also want
some soap from Crayola essences website
yeah I bought the UH nice uh nice seed
soap this is what it looks like came in
this cute little pouch came to this cute
little pouch and this is what it looks
like and you could see like the Denise
like they use real and nice I'm guessing
they grinded some of it up and they
slapped it in there but it smells so
good like so good like oh my gosh I look
like I'm gonna eat it right it's so
shouldn't eat so what yeah so that a
nice soap and actually use this and I
also bought the chocolate soap this here
as you can see I have not used it yet
Oh save it for special occasion when I
want to be all chocolaty and stuff but
yes the chocolate one smells just as
good as but a nice honestly I don't even
know which one smells better maybe this
smells so good oh my gosh
I can't wait to use this pros and cons
it smells delicious like I love it
smells yummy yummy yummy I want to bite
it but as with any other soap when I use
it and dries my skin but have a quick
fix for that when I'm getting out of the
shower while my skin is still damp I add
a little bit of some oil like oil
mixture that I made and yeah that's it
and skin is smooth yeah but I still like
it and what I purchased this again yes I
would and I can't wait like I said I get
a way to use the chocolate one it's a
special occasion but yeah polishe is a 2
ounce container and I paid $7 for this I
know it's tiny but yeah yeah 2 ounce
I think $7 for this again the castor oil
was a 4 ounce I paid $10 for this the
soap was $10 I believe and I bought two
of these so two together I really can't
remember the price but yes so shout out
to crown a sense because they are doing
something great for Haiti they have good
intentions on helping the country
economically and environmentally as far
as creating jobs and I hope that
everything works out for their business
pretty much like that's the reason why
I'm supporting because I'm supporting
what they're doing anything that's gonna
help Haiti get better um Balfour : well
yes krill essence check them out I'm
gonna put their website a link to their
website in the description box and you
guys
check them out and go get you some mirin
my scooty